one of the
most moving moments of the DNC
unfolded last night.
It was not the stirring speech
of a gifted politician,
but the heartbroken words
of this man's parents,
23 year old Hirsch Goldberg.
Poland is an Israeli
American hostage held by Hamas.
He is one of eight Americans
still held nearly 11 months.
That's right, 11 months
after the terror attacks on Israel.
Last night,
they took to the stage
wearing the number 320
for the
number of days he's been held prisoner.
In an inflamed Middle East.
We know the one thing
that can most immediately
release pressure
and bring calm to the entire region.
A deal that brings this diverse
group of 109 hostages home
and ends the suffering
of the innocent civilians in Gaza.
So there you go.
Such an incredible moment.
And John and Rachel Goldberg, Poland,
join me now.
Rachel, we should note
you're both wearing 321.
You were wearing 320 last night.
It's not 321.
Did we change it every day? Yeah.
And what did that moment mean to you
last night?
I was so shocked and overwhelmed
because we had been told to anticipate
in neutral to negative reception.
Yeah.
and when we walked out and
suddenly there were
thousands of people who got to their feet
and started to chant, bring them home.
We were just
swelled with support
and it was overwhelming.
And I just started to weep.
Yeah, I think a lot of people were, John,
how did that,
how did that, resonate with you
seeing that?
I mean, because I know this week
what we've been hearing is
obviously there are protests here.
There's a lot of deep opposition
to the war in Gaza.
but there's still
in the hearts of a lot of folks
in this country.
Just pain and agony
for what you're going through.
It's so easy to politicize everything.
And that's the danger
and that's what's been happening.
But it was heartening last night
to see that even before we spoke a word,
I think people understood that
there's a human side to this story.
It's not just an issue.
It's not just numbers and ambiguity.
These are 109 real human beings
with loved ones,
with families waiting for them,
their innocence on all sides.
In the Middle East,
conflict to our suffering.
And I think the people in the room
understood that last night.
Yeah, that was what was so important.
And you've emphasized the diversity
of the hostages, right?
Well, I think that there's
a real misunderstanding
of who
this hostage cohort is
that this is a monolithic
group of people.
And as I mentioned
last night,
they are from 23 different countries.
They are Christian.
They are Jewish.
They're Muslims, Hindus, Buddhists.
And this is something that gets lost
when someone has a very specific reason
to create a narrative a certain way.
And we all so
very much
are constantly saying
we are extremely concerned
and heartbroken
for the innocent civilians in Gaza
and the innocent civilians
in Gaza
who were dragged there on October 7th.
You don't have to choose
one or the other.
This is a humanitarian issue.
Absolutely.
and everybody's feeling it.
Everybody's feeling.
And John Hirsh lost part of his left arm
in the text.
We do.
We know of any idea how he's doing,
how how he's holding up?
120 days ago,
we saw a video
that Hamas released of Hirsh.
It was the first sign of life
we had on him in 201 days,
and the last we've had since.
But that video is something
that no parent would ever want
to see of their kid with a limb missing,
bruising on their face, looking pale.
But at the
same time, when that's
what you get after 201 days,
it just gave us strength
to see him, to hear him,
and it continues to carry us now
that he's a fighter and a survivor
and he's going to keep on going.
And we need him to know
and all the hostages
to know
that we are not stopping
until we get them all out.
And, Rachel, I know I was asking this
during the commercial break,
but do you have any sense?
I mean, there are these talks
that are going on right now.
Do you have any sense
as to where they're going?
Are they finally going
to get to some kind of resolution
so we can bring your son
and the rest of those hostages home?
Well, we're not any more privy to
what is going on
behind the scenes than any,
any regular person
watching the news or following.
We are always hopeful and optimistic.
We know that many of the
people who are participating
in the negotiations,
and in
everything that's happening,
are really trying to lean forward.
At the end of the day,
this is up to two men from the two
primary parties.
Yeah, Prime Minister
Netanyahu and Hamas leader Yahya Senor.
And, I think until each of them decide
that it's time for our children,
our loved ones, the whole entire
mass of people
who are caught
in the crosshairs of this conflict
no longer should be pawns in this game.
It won't end.
And it's so important.
And I do want to go back to that moment
last night that people understand
that the human element of this,
they're real families suffering,
real families in the dark.
And to have that outpouring of support,
it just must have meant so much
that it's still there,
have spite everything
that's in the political,
you know, spectrum right now,
the dialog that's happening
and so much bitter opposition
to what's taking place that
it's still there,
that I mentioned
in my remarks
last night,
that really one of the things
that has carried
all of the hostage families
to get up every morning
and keep on pushing and keep fighting
is the tremendous support,
strength prayers
we get from literally all over the world.
And last night was a microcosm of this.
I don't know, 2020
5000 people in the building.
Not only were they supporting us
as we spoke,
but afterwards just people stopping us.
And as we walked out
shouting, we're with you,
we're supporting you,
our prayers are with you. Keep going.
It was really none of the
none of the reaction
that you were prepared for that
they told you you might receive.
Correct.
That's that's so important.
Yeah. It's so important.
And and I'm
sure it sustains you to some extent.
It's not. It doesn't do everything right.
But it's obviously helpful.
And I think it is really important.
We don't all have to agree.
And that was a big theme last night
that a lot of the different speakers
discussed.
But we have to try to understand.
We don't have to agree.
We just have to try to understand
those with whom we don't share
the same opinions.
That's all right.
That's what
we have to try to understand each other.
Yeah.
There was a lot of talk
about looking out for your neighbors,
you know,
and that that crosses our boundaries.
You know, nations.
We honestly did not even know
that we were speaking on the night
that was under the freedom theme.
Interesting.
But
it makes sense, right?
That's that's what we're pushing for.
That's what
we've been pushing for 321 days
and are going to continue
to fight for it.
Well, thank you very much to both of you.
Really appreciate I know we say it,
time and again, but,
we are thinking of you
and praying for you.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you. Appreciate it.
Rachel and John, thanks so much.